Add CalcJoinPoolShares and CalcExitPoolCoinsFromShares pool queries to Stargate whitelist (#3217)
osmosis-labs/osmosis: CHANGELOG.md

* [#2788](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/pull/2788) Add logarithm base 2 implementation.
* [#2739](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/pull/2739),[#3356](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/pull/3356) Add pool type query, and add it to stargate whitelist
* [#2956](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/issues/2956) Add queries for calculating amount of shares/tokens you get by providing X tokens/shares when entering/exiting a pool

> * [#3217](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/pull/3217) Add three pool queries to the registered Stargate queries list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#3217](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/pull/3217) Add `CalcJoinPoolShares`, `CalcExitPoolCoinsFromShares`, `CalcJoinPoolNoSwapShares` to the registered Stargate queries list.
```
